[CQT-337] Add pragmas to specification. (#83)
QuTech-Delft/cQASM-spec: docs/language_specification/tokens/raw_text.md

> Raw text is used to write backend code in the raw text string of an
> [assembly declaration](../statements/assembly_declaration.md).
> Its syntax and semantics are wholly determined by the backend for which the raw text is written.
> 
> ??? info "Grammar for raw text"
> 
>     _raw-text_:  
>     &emsp; `(.)*?`
> 
> !!! warning
> 
>     Even though, any sequence of characters could be raw text,
>     one should avoid using triple qoutes (**`'''`**) in raw text
>     as they will be interpreted as the delimiters of a raw text string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A raw text string is a sequence of zero or more characters delimited by triple quotes. Any character, including whitespaces, comments and newlines, can be part of a raw text string.

??? info "Grammar for raw text string"

    _raw-text-string:
    &emsp; **`'''`** raw-text~opt~ **`'''`**

    _raw-text:
    &emsp; raw-char
    &emsp; raw-text raw-char

    _raw-char:
    &emsp; any character

!!! warning

    Even though any sequence of characters could be raw text,
    one should avoid using triple qoutes (**`'''`**)
    as they will be interpreted as the delimiters of the raw text string.
```

A raw text string is a generic token. Even if we use it to express backend code, it does not have any semantics apart from that it can contain any sequence of characters (except for a triple quote).
